{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17040\viewh15360\viewkind1\viewscale100
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 FDTK
\f1\b0  - FDT Kit - version 0.0.1\
- a simple collection of tools, scripts, and libraries to bootstrap your Eclipse/FDT Environment on OS X or Windows\
- jason m horwitz | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sekati.com"}}{\fldrslt http://sekati.com}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 FDTK Package Contents\ulnone \
\
- bin/\
	as2api/	- open source as2 documentation tool: packaged with ruby, windows and osx executables\
	mtasc/		- open source as2 compiler: packaged latest builds for windows and os x\
	scripts/	- scripts to automate common tasks; documentation, ssh+rysnc etc.\
\
- doc/			- various usage documents (FTD/Eclipse shortcuts, etc.)\
\
- lib/\
	FP7/		- complete core library for Flash 7\
	FP8/		- complete core library for Flash 8\
	FP9/		- complete core library for Flash 9\
	templates/	- useful collection of FDT templates\
\
\ul Install the Eclipse Environment\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulnone \
1. Download the latest version of Eclipse WTP (i.e. eclipse_WTP_1.5.4_all-in-one) from:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.eclipse.org/webtools/main.php"}}{\fldrslt http://www.eclipse.org/webtools/main.php}}\
2. Decompress the Eclipse archive to its final destination (i.e. /Applications/eclipse or C:/eclipse depending on your platform)\
3. Launch Eclipse & either accept the default workspace or point the IDE to the area you would like to use as your workspace. Your "workspace" is the directory in which all projects will be stored.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Install FDT 1.5.x\ulnone \
\
4. In Eclipse navigate to: "
\f2\i Help- > Software Updates -:> Find & Install -> Search for New Features to Install"
\f1\i0 \
5. Create a "
\f2\i New Remote Site"
\f1\i0 . Name: "FDT 1.5.x", URL: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fdt.powerflasher.com/update"}}{\fldrslt http://fdt.powerflasher.com/update}}\
6. Confirm with "OK", navigate thru the install process making sure FTD is ticked in each dialogue, accept agreement, install, and restart workbench.\
7. FDT is now installed and ready to be configured.\
\
\ul Configure FDT with FDTK\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulnone \
8. Copy the FDTK directory to either your workspace or eclipse directory (whichever you prefer).\
9. In Eclipse navigate to: "
\f2\i Eclipse -> Preferences -> FDT"\

\f1\i0 10. Navigate to "
\f2\i Flash" 
\f1\i0 browse to your Flash IDE. \
11. Next browse for the Flash Player from FTDK/bin/players which contains the latest debug player for your platform.\
12. Finally browse to your ASO cache directory which can be found at:\
win: 
\f2\i c:\\Documents and Settings\\\{your name\}\\Local Settings\\Application Data\\Adobe\\Flash CS3\\en\\Configuration\\Classes\\aso
\f1\i0 \
mac: 
\f2\i /Users/\{your name\}/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Flash CS3/en/Configuration/Classes/aso
\f1\i0 \
13. Once this is done press Apply, the "OK".\
14. Navigate to "
\f2\i Core Libraries"
\f1\i0  and add each "FP" directory from your FDTK/lib directory one at a time, naming them accordingly (FP7,FP8, FP9)\
15. Tick the Library you would like to use as your default FlashPlayer target (you can change these on a per project basis so dont worry) \ul \
\ulnone 16. Navigate to "
\f2\i Tools -> MTASC"
\f1\i0  and browse to FDTK/bin/mtasc and select the mtasc build for your platform\
17. Navigate to 
\f2\i "Templates"
\f1\i0 , tick 
\f2\i "Override System User Name - $\{user\}" 
\f1\i0 and customize this to your liking (i.e. jason m horwitz | sekati.com). This will be used to insert author credits in created files.\
18. Navigate to 
\f2\i "Code Style -> Code Templates"
\f1\i0 , highlight both 
\f2\i "typecomment"
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i "typeheader" 
\f1\i0 then "import" and choose FDTK/lib/templates/codetemplate.xml. You can then edit and personalize these. \
19. Navigate to 
\f2\i "Editor -> Templates"
\f1\i0  and "import" FDTK/lib/templates/templates.xml. You should then also edit and personalize the "header" template. These templates are formatted to work properly with AS2API documentation tool. For best results with AS2API you should insert the "header" template at the top of your classes, then do your import statements, and finally either "desc" or "usage" template to enter in the class description to be documented (header is ignored by as2api which does not support @author and many other javadoc tags).\
20. Your IDE is now ready to go. You may now create a project, add a source folder, and reference the FDTK/lib/templates/project_template if you are looking for an example structure, or continue on to the instructure from the "Install Subclipse & PHPEclipse" section to integrate SVN and PHP support into your Eclipse IDE.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Getting Started with FDT\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulnone 21. - in progress - for now please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.actionscript.com/Article/tabid/54/ArticleID/Optimizing-Your-Workflow-with-Eclipse-and-FDT/Default.aspx"}}{\fldrslt http://www.actionscript.com/Article/tabid/54/ArticleID/Optimizing-Your-Workflow-with-Eclipse-and-FDT/Default.aspx}} or the same in pdf format in FDTK/doc/\ul \
\
\
Install Subclipse & PHPEclipse\
\ulnone \
- Subclipse - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://subclipse.tigris.org/install.html"}}{\fldrslt http://subclipse.tigris.org/install.html}}\
- Eclipse/svn usage guide: http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/opensource/library/os-ecl-subversion/\
- PHPEclipse - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.plog4u.org/index.php/Using_PHPEclipse_:_Installation_:_Installing_PHPEclipse"}}{\fldrslt http://www.plog4u.org/index.php/Using_PHPEclipse_:_Installation_:_Installing_PHPEclipse}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Useful Links\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fdt.powerflasher.com/forum/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://fdt.powerflasher.com/forum/}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fdt.powerflasher.com/links/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://fdt.powerflasher.com/links/}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}